It's hard to face this life with all we see
To not focus on the uncertainty
And if she starts at times we all may feel
But when we pray, his promise is real
He gives us peace like a river
He's like a cool general
Reticarious dance drum
His peace will flow forever
Yes peace like a river
So pour out your heart to him in prayer
You hold us listening
He's always there
Comfort us in God our heart and mine
I'm failing love from him
He gives us peace like a river
He's like a cool general
Reticarious dance drum
His peace will flow forever
Yes peace like a river
He's like a river
He's like a core
Reticarious dance drum
His peace will flow forever
Yes peace like a river